add our own filter class to support direct array for ordering (#322)
socotecio/django-socio-grpc: docs/features/filters.rst

OrderingFilters are used to control the ordering of the results.

DSG also support the `DRF OrderingFilter <https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/filtering/#orderingfilter>`_.

Refer to the `DRF doc <https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/filtering/#orderingfilter>`_ for implementation details and specific lookup.

> But as the DRF ordering only accept string for ordering (looking like: "ordering=-filed1,field2") and gRPC can directly send array in message we provide our own :func:`OrderingFilter<django_socio_grpc.filters.OrderingFilter>` that support it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But as the DRF OrderingFilter only accepts string for ordering (`ordering=-field1,field2`) while gRPC is able to use arrays we provide our own :func:`OrderingFilter<django_socio_grpc.filters.OrderingFilter>` that supports it.
```
